Awesome you did you learned a lot about AM on to your fruity main part of this chorus.
I still get a section with some tips and tricks examples you might need in your application and they're
also as angler.
To recap section which you might not need if you're at this point off the course but you should now
be confident using all these tools.
We learned in this course to build awesome ionic to applications.
You learn how to project to work which components are shipped with how navigation works how to access
native device features and much more.
You'll learn how to take your anger to knowledge and take that to build native apps for real devices
for Android and iOS devices with those skills gained.
I can only encourage you to take them to practice with them.
But some example project.
Think about apps you might want to build and then start building them set your own challenges.
Dive deeper into this.
Use the official ionic documentation to learn more about that specific component you want to use and
then take that knowledge in both the next real project you wanted to build with it build a real application
which you then publish in the app stores.
I would be so proud to see you do that.
I would be so happy to see you do that and I strongly believe you've now got all the tools it takes
to do so.
Definitely share anything you did publish.
Definitely share any work you were able to create after finishing this course.
I am very interested in seeing this and what this.
I can only hope to see you again in future courses see you in the queue in A.S.C. what you built with
all the knowledge you gained and just wish you a great time.
By